# Projects
Welcome to my general repository! Here, you will find a collection of small projects that I have created using various programming languages. Each project is listed with its name and a brief summary of its functionality. Feel free to take a look around and try out the different applications.

Python:

Public_Job_Searcher - This script utilizes Selenium to scrape job listings from a Portuguese government website (https://www.bep.gov.pt/pages/oferta/Oferta_Pesquisa_basica.aspx). The script navigates to the website using Chrome as the webdriver, extracts various data points such as job code, type, career, qualifications required and more. It then creates a table with this data and saves it in an Excel file. The script then sends the Excel file through email, providing a convenient way to access the job listings in an organized format.

Financas_House_Auction - This script utilizes Selenium to scrape data from the website a Portuguese Auction of Finance Department (https://vendas.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt/bens/consultaVendasCurso.action?tipoBem=02&tipoConsulta=*&modalidade=04&distrito=&concelho=&minimo=++.+++.+++.+++%2C++&maximo=++.+++.+++.+++%2C++&dataMin=&dataMax=) and extract data points such as the auction number, base sale price, deadline for proposals, financial service, current state, type of auction and a link for more details. It then creates a table with this data and saves it in an Excel file. The script then sends the Excel file through email, providing a convenient way to access the auction listings in an organized format.